docs(guides): translate the Electron tech guide to English (#829)
feature-sliced/documentation: i18n/en/docusaurus-plugin-content-docs/current/guides/tech/with-electron.mdx

---
sidebar_position: 10
---
# Usage with Electron

Electron applications have a special architecture consisting of multiple processes with different responsibilities. Applying FSD in such a context requires adapting the structure to the Electron specifics.

```sh
└── src

>     ├── app                                 # Common app segment

Reviewer: issue: actually, this is also incorrect in the Russian version, if you could fix that in this PR too, that would be great :)

    │   │   │   ├── ipc
    │   │   │   │   ├── get-user.ts
    │   │   │   │   └── save-user.ts
    │   │   │   ├── ui
    │   │   │   │   └── user.tsx
    │   │   │   └── index.ts
    │   │   └── home
    │   │       ├── ui
    │   │       │   └── home.tsx
    │   │       └── index.ts
    │   ├── widgets
    │   ├── features
    │   ├── entities
    │   └── shared
    └── shared                              # Common code between main and renderer
        └── ipc                             # IPC description (event names, contracts)
```

## Public API rules
Each process must have its own public API. For example, you can't import modules from `main` to `renderer`.
Only the `src/shared` folder is public for both processes.
It's also necessary for describing contracts for process interaction.

## Additional changes to the standard structure
It's suggested to use a new `ipc` segment, where interaction between processes takes place.
The `pages` and `widgets` layers, based on their names, should not be present in `src/main`. You can use `features`, `entities` and `shared`.
The `app` layer in `src` contains entry points for `main` and `renderer`, as well as the IPC.

> Segments in the `app` layer are not desirable to have intersection points

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It's not desirable for segments in the `app` layer to have intersection points
```
